content/_index.md, before:

---
# Leave the homepage title empty to use the site title
title: ''
date: 2024-03-09
type: landing

sections:
  # - block: hero
  #   demo: true # Only display this section in the Hugo Blox Builder demo site
  #   content:
  #     title: Hugo Academic Theme
  #     image:
  #       filename: hero-academic.png
  #     cta:
  #       label: '**Get Started**'
  #       url: https://hugoblox.com/templates/
  #     cta_alt:
  #       label: Ask a question
  #       url: https://discord.gg/z8wNYzb
  #     cta_note:
  #       label: >-
  #         <div style="text-shadow: none;"><a class="github-button" href="https://github.com/HugoBlox/hugo-blox-builder" data-icon="octicon-star" data-size="large" data-show-count="true" aria-label="Star">Star Hugo Blox Builder</a></div><div style="text-shadow: none;"><a class="github-button" href="https://github.com/HugoBlox/theme-academic-cv" data-icon="octicon-star" data-size="large" data-show-count="true" aria-label="Star">Star the Academic template</a></div>
  #     text: |-
  #       **Generated by Hugo Blox Builder - the FREE, Hugo-based open source website builder trusted by 500,000+ sites.**

  #       **Easily build anything with blocks - no-code required!**

  #       From landing pages, second brains, and courses to academic resumés, conferences, and tech blogs.

  #       <!--Custom spacing-->
  #       <div class="mb-3"></div>
  #       <!--GitHub Button JS-->
  #       <script async defer src="https://buttons.github.io/buttons.js"></script>
  #   design:
  #     background:
  #       gradient_end: '#1976d2'
  #       gradient_start: '#004ba0'
  #       text_color_light: true
  - block: about.biography
    id: about
    content:
      title: Biography
      # Choose a user profile to display (a folder name within `content/authors/`)
      username: admin
  # - block: skills
  #   content:
  #     title: Skills
  #     text: ''
  #     # Choose a user to display skills from (a folder name within `content/authors/`)
  #     username: admin
  #   design:
  #     columns: '1'
  # - block: experience
  #   content:
  #     title: Experience
  #     # Date format for experience
  #     #   Refer to https://docs.hugoblox.com/customization/#date-format
  #     date_format: Jan 2006
  #     # Experiences.
  #     #   Add/remove as many `experience` items below as you like.
  #     #   Required fields are `title`, `company`, and `date_start`.
  #     #   Leave `date_end` empty if it's your current employer.
  #     #   Begin multi-line descriptions with YAML's `|2-` multi-line prefix.
  #     items:
  #       - title: CEO
  #         company: GenCoin
  #         company_url: ''
  #         company_logo: org-gc
  #         location: California
  #         date_start: '2021-01-01'
  #         date_end: ''
  #         description: |2-
  #             Responsibilities include:

  #             * Analysing
  #             * Modelling
  #             * Deploying
  #       - title: Professor of Semiconductor Physics
  #         company: University X
  #         company_url: ''
  #         company_logo: org-x
  #         location: California
  #         date_start: '2016-01-01'
  #         date_end: '2020-12-31'
  #         description: Taught electronic engineering and researched semiconductor physics.
  #   design:
  #     columns: '2'
  # - block: accomplishments
  #   content:
  #     # Note: `&shy;` is used to add a 'soft' hyphen in a long heading.
  #     title: 'Accomplish&shy;ments'
  #     subtitle:
  #     # Date format: https://docs.hugoblox.com/customization/#date-format
  #     date_format: Jan 2006
  #     # Accomplishments.
  #     #   Add/remove as many `item` blocks below as you like.
  #     #   `title`, `organization`, and `date_start` are the required parameters.
  #     #   Leave other parameters empty if not required.
  #     #   Begin multi-line descriptions with YAML's `|2-` multi-line prefix.
  #     items:
  #       - certificate_url: https://www.coursera.org
  #         date_end: ''
  #         date_start: '2021-01-25'
  #         description: ''
  #         icon: coursera
  #         organization: Coursera
  #         organization_url: https://www.coursera.org
  #         title: Neural Networks and Deep Learning
  #         url: ''
  #       - certificate_url: https://www.edx.org
  #         date_end: ''
  #         date_start: '2021-01-01'
  #         description: Formulated informed blockchain models, hypotheses, and use cases.
  #         icon: edx
  #         organization: edX
  #         organization_url: https://www.edx.org
  #         title: Blockchain Fundamentals
  #         url: https://www.edx.org/professional-certificate/uc-berkeleyx-blockchain-fundamentals
  #       - certificate_url: https://www.datacamp.com
  #         date_end: '2020-12-21'
  #         date_start: '2020-07-01'
  #         description: ''
  #         icon: datacamp
  #         organization: DataCamp
  #         organization_url: https://www.datacamp.com
  #         title: 'Object-Oriented Programming in R'
  #         url: ''
  #   design:
  #     columns: '2'
  # - block: collection
  #   id: posts
  #   content:
  #     title: Recent Posts
  #     subtitle: ''
  #     text: ''
  #     # Choose how many pages you would like to display (0 = all pages)
  #     count: 5
  #     # Filter on criteria
  #     filters:
  #       folders:
  #         - post
  #       author: ""
  #       category: ""
  #       tag: ""
  #       exclude_featured: false
  #       exclude_future: false
  #       exclude_past: false
  #       publication_type: ""
  #     # Choose how many pages you would like to offset by
  #     offset: 0
  #     # Page order: descending (desc) or ascending (asc) date.
  #     order: desc
  #   design:
  #     # Choose a layout view
  #     view: compact
  #     columns: '2'
  # - block: portfolio
  #   id: projects
  #   content:
  #     title: Projects
  #     filters:
  #       folders:
  #         - project
  #     # Default filter index (e.g. 0 corresponds to the first `filter_button` instance below).
  #     default_button_index: 0
  #     # Filter toolbar (optional).
  #     # Add or remove as many filters (`filter_button` instances) as you like.
  #     # To show all items, set `tag` to "*".
  #     # To filter by a specific tag, set `tag` to an existing tag name.
  #     # To remove the toolbar, delete the entire `filter_button` block.
  #     buttons:
  #       - name: All
  #         tag: '*'
  #       - name: Deep Learning
  #         tag: Deep Learning
  #       - name: Other
  #         tag: Demo
  #   design:
  #     # Choose how many columns the section has. Valid values: '1' or '2'.
  #     columns: '1'
  #     view: showcase
  #     # For Showcase view, flip alternate rows?
  #     flip_alt_rows: false
  # - block: markdown
  #   content:
  #     title: Gallery
  #     subtitle: ''
  #     text: |-
  #       {{< gallery album="demo" >}}
  #   design:
  #     columns: '1'
  - block: collection
    id: featured
    content:
      title: 'Featured Publications _(see [Google Scholar](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=opC_fpQAAAAJ) for a complete list)_'
      filters:
        folders:
          - publication
        featured_only: true
    design:
      columns: '2'
      view: card
  # - block: collection
  #   content:
  #     title: Recent Publications
  #     text: |-
  #       {{% callout note %}}
  #       Quickly discover relevant content by [filtering publications](./publication/).
  #       {{% /callout %}}
  #     filters:
  #       folders:
  #         - publication
  #       exclude_featured: true
  #   design:
  #     columns: '2'
  #     view: citation
  # - block: collection
  #   id: talks
  #   content:
  #     title: Recent & Upcoming Talks
  #     filters:
  #       folders:
  #         - event
  #   design:
  #     columns: '2'
  #     view: compact
  # - block: tag_cloud
  #   content:
  #     title: Popular Topics
  #   design:
  #     columns: '2'
  # - block: contact
  #   id: contact
  #   content:
  #     title: Contact
  #     subtitle:
  #     text: |-
  #       Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Nam mi diam, venenatis ut magna et, vehicula efficitur enim.
  #     # Contact (add or remove contact options as necessary)
  #     email: test@example.org
  #     phone: 888 888 88 88
  #     appointment_url: 'https://calendly.com'
  #     address:
  #       street: 450 Serra Mall
  #       city: Stanford
  #       region: CA
  #       postcode: '94305'
  #       country: United States
  #       country_code: US
  #     directions: Enter Building 1 and take the stairs to Office 200 on Floor 2
  #     office_hours:
  #       - 'Monday 10:00 to 13:00'
  #       - 'Wednesday 09:00 to 10:00'
  #     # Choose a map provider in `params.yaml` to show a map from these coordinates
  #     coordinates:
  #       latitude: '37.4275'
  #       longitude: '-122.1697'  
  #     contact_links:
  #       - icon: twitter
  #         icon_pack: fab
  #         name: DM Me
  #         link: 'https://twitter.com/Twitter'
  #       - icon: skype
  #         icon_pack: fab
  #         name: Skype Me
  #         link: 'skype:echo123?call'
  #       - icon: video
  #         icon_pack: fas
  #         name: Zoom Me
  #         link: 'https://zoom.com'
  #     # Automatically link email and phone or display as text?
  #     autolink: true
  #     # Email form provider
  #     form:
  #       provider: netlify
  #       formspree:
  #         id:
  #       netlify:
  #         # Enable CAPTCHA challenge to reduce spam?
  #         captcha: false
  #   design:
  #     columns: '2'
---

Commit message:

Updated bio and publications, news.

content/_index.md, after:

---
# Leave the homepage title empty to use the site title
title: ''
date: 2024-03-09
type: landing

sections:
  # - block: hero
  #   demo: true # Only display this section in the Hugo Blox Builder demo site
  #   content:
  #     title: Hugo Academic Theme
  #     image:
  #       filename: hero-academic.png
  #     cta:
  #       label: '**Get Started**'
  #       url: https://hugoblox.com/templates/
  #     cta_alt:
  #       label: Ask a question
  #       url: https://discord.gg/z8wNYzb
  #     cta_note:
  #       label: >-
  #         <div style="text-shadow: none;"><a class="github-button" href="https://github.com/HugoBlox/hugo-blox-builder" data-icon="octicon-star" data-size="large" data-show-count="true" aria-label="Star">Star Hugo Blox Builder</a></div><div style="text-shadow: none;"><a class="github-button" href="https://github.com/HugoBlox/theme-academic-cv" data-icon="octicon-star" data-size="large" data-show-count="true" aria-label="Star">Star the Academic template</a></div>
  #     text: |-
  #       **Generated by Hugo Blox Builder - the FREE, Hugo-based open source website builder trusted by 500,000+ sites.**

  #       **Easily build anything with blocks - no-code required!**

  #       From landing pages, second brains, and courses to academic resumés, conferences, and tech blogs.

  #       <!--Custom spacing-->
  #       <div class="mb-3"></div>
  #       <!--GitHub Button JS-->
  #       <script async defer src="https://buttons.github.io/buttons.js"></script>
  #   design:
  #     background:
  #       gradient_end: '#1976d2'
  #       gradient_start: '#004ba0'
  #       text_color_light: true
  - block: about.biography
    id: about
    content:
      title: Biography
      # Choose a user profile to display (a folder name within `content/authors/`)
      username: admin
  - block: markdown
    id: news
    content:
      title: News
      subtitle: ''
      text: 
        - **02/23**: I'm an invited speaker at [Youth in High Dimensions](https://indico.ictp.it/event/10478) at ICTP in Trieste!
        - **01/23**: Our [paper](https://openreview.net/forum?id=ANvmVS2Yr0) _Generalization in diffusion models arises from geometry-adaptive harmonic representation_ got an oral (top 1.2%) at [ICLR 2024](https://iclr.cc/)!
        - **08/23**: I successfully defended my PhD! [Manuscrit](uploads/thesis) and [slides](uploads/defense.pdf).
        - **08/23**: We gave a [keynote] and tutorial at [CCN 2023](https://2023.ccneuro.org/) together with [Mick Bonner and his lab](https://bonnerlab.org/).
    design:
      columns: '1'
  # - block: skills
  #   content:
  #     title: Skills
  #     text: ''
  #     # Choose a user to display skills from (a folder name within `content/authors/`)
  #     username: admin
  #   design:
  #     columns: '1'
  # - block: experience
  #   content:
  #     title: Experience
  #     # Date format for experience
  #     #   Refer to https://docs.hugoblox.com/customization/#date-format
  #     date_format: Jan 2006
  #     # Experiences.
  #     #   Add/remove as many `experience` items below as you like.
  #     #   Required fields are `title`, `company`, and `date_start`.
  #     #   Leave `date_end` empty if it's your current employer.
  #     #   Begin multi-line descriptions with YAML's `|2-` multi-line prefix.
  #     items:
  #       - title: CEO
  #         company: GenCoin
  #         company_url: ''
  #         company_logo: org-gc
  #         location: California
  #         date_start: '2021-01-01'
  #         date_end: ''
  #         description: |2-
  #             Responsibilities include:

  #             * Analysing
  #             * Modelling
  #             * Deploying
  #       - title: Professor of Semiconductor Physics
  #         company: University X
  #         company_url: ''
  #         company_logo: org-x
  #         location: California
  #         date_start: '2016-01-01'
  #         date_end: '2020-12-31'
  #         description: Taught electronic engineering and researched semiconductor physics.
  #   design:
  #     columns: '2'
  # - block: accomplishments
  #   content:
  #     # Note: `&shy;` is used to add a 'soft' hyphen in a long heading.
  #     title: 'Accomplish&shy;ments'
  #     subtitle:
  #     # Date format: https://docs.hugoblox.com/customization/#date-format
  #     date_format: Jan 2006
  #     # Accomplishments.
  #     #   Add/remove as many `item` blocks below as you like.
  #     #   `title`, `organization`, and `date_start` are the required parameters.
  #     #   Leave other parameters empty if not required.
  #     #   Begin multi-line descriptions with YAML's `|2-` multi-line prefix.
  #     items:
  #       - certificate_url: https://www.coursera.org
  #         date_end: ''
  #         date_start: '2021-01-25'
  #         description: ''
  #         icon: coursera
  #         organization: Coursera
  #         organization_url: https://www.coursera.org
  #         title: Neural Networks and Deep Learning
  #         url: ''
  #       - certificate_url: https://www.edx.org
  #         date_end: ''
  #         date_start: '2021-01-01'
  #         description: Formulated informed blockchain models, hypotheses, and use cases.
  #         icon: edx
  #         organization: edX
  #         organization_url: https://www.edx.org
  #         title: Blockchain Fundamentals
  #         url: https://www.edx.org/professional-certificate/uc-berkeleyx-blockchain-fundamentals
  #       - certificate_url: https://www.datacamp.com
  #         date_end: '2020-12-21'
  #         date_start: '2020-07-01'
  #         description: ''
  #         icon: datacamp
  #         organization: DataCamp
  #         organization_url: https://www.datacamp.com
  #         title: 'Object-Oriented Programming in R'
  #         url: ''
  #   design:
  #     columns: '2'
  # - block: collection
  #   id: posts
  #   content:
  #     title: Recent Posts
  #     subtitle: ''
  #     text: ''
  #     # Choose how many pages you would like to display (0 = all pages)
  #     count: 5
  #     # Filter on criteria
  #     filters:
  #       folders:
  #         - post
  #       author: ""
  #       category: ""
  #       tag: ""
  #       exclude_featured: false
  #       exclude_future: false
  #       exclude_past: false
  #       publication_type: ""
  #     # Choose how many pages you would like to offset by
  #     offset: 0
  #     # Page order: descending (desc) or ascending (asc) date.
  #     order: desc
  #   design:
  #     # Choose a layout view
  #     view: compact
  #     columns: '2'
  # - block: portfolio
  #   id: projects
  #   content:
  #     title: Projects
  #     filters:
  #       folders:
  #         - project
  #     # Default filter index (e.g. 0 corresponds to the first `filter_button` instance below).
  #     default_button_index: 0
  #     # Filter toolbar (optional).
  #     # Add or remove as many filters (`filter_button` instances) as you like.
  #     # To show all items, set `tag` to "*".
  #     # To filter by a specific tag, set `tag` to an existing tag name.
  #     # To remove the toolbar, delete the entire `filter_button` block.
  #     buttons:
  #       - name: All
  #         tag: '*'
  #       - name: Deep Learning
  #         tag: Deep Learning
  #       - name: Other
  #         tag: Demo
  #   design:
  #     # Choose how many columns the section has. Valid values: '1' or '2'.
  #     columns: '1'
  #     view: showcase
  #     # For Showcase view, flip alternate rows?
  #     flip_alt_rows: false
  # - block: markdown
  #   content:
  #     title: Gallery
  #     subtitle: ''
  #     text: |-
  #       {{< gallery album="demo" >}}
  #   design:
  #     columns: '1'
  - block: collection
    id: featured
    content:
      title: 'Featured Publications <h3> _(see [Google Scholar](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=opC_fpQAAAAJ) for a complete list)_ </h3>'
      filters:
        folders:
          - publication
        featured_only: true
    design:
      columns: '1'
      view: compact
  # - block: collection
  #   content:
  #     title: Recent Publications
  #     text: |-
  #       {{% callout note %}}
  #       Quickly discover relevant content by [filtering publications](./publication/).
  #       {{% /callout %}}
  #     filters:
  #       folders:
  #         - publication
  #       exclude_featured: true
  #   design:
  #     columns: '2'
  #     view: citation
  # - block: collection
  #   id: talks
  #   content:
  #     title: Recent & Upcoming Talks
  #     filters:
  #       folders:
  #         - event
  #   design:
  #     columns: '2'
  #     view: compact
  # - block: tag_cloud
  #   content:
  #     title: Popular Topics
  #   design:
  #     columns: '2'
  # - block: contact
  #   id: contact
  #   content:
  #     title: Contact
  #     subtitle:
  #     text: |-
  #       Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Nam mi diam, venenatis ut magna et, vehicula efficitur enim.
  #     # Contact (add or remove contact options as necessary)
  #     email: test@example.org
  #     phone: 888 888 88 88
  #     appointment_url: 'https://calendly.com'
  #     address:
  #       street: 450 Serra Mall
  #       city: Stanford
  #       region: CA
  #       postcode: '94305'
  #       country: United States
  #       country_code: US
  #     directions: Enter Building 1 and take the stairs to Office 200 on Floor 2
  #     office_hours:
  #       - 'Monday 10:00 to 13:00'
  #       - 'Wednesday 09:00 to 10:00'
  #     # Choose a map provider in `params.yaml` to show a map from these coordinates
  #     coordinates:
  #       latitude: '37.4275'
  #       longitude: '-122.1697'  
  #     contact_links:
  #       - icon: twitter
  #         icon_pack: fab
  #         name: DM Me
  #         link: 'https://twitter.com/Twitter'
  #       - icon: skype
  #         icon_pack: fab
  #         name: Skype Me
  #         link: 'skype:echo123?call'
  #       - icon: video
  #         icon_pack: fas
  #         name: Zoom Me
  #         link: 'https://zoom.com'
  #     # Automatically link email and phone or display as text?
  #     autolink: true
  #     # Email form provider
  #     form:
  #       provider: netlify
  #       formspree:
  #         id:
  #       netlify:
  #         # Enable CAPTCHA challenge to reduce spam?
  #         captcha: false
  #   design:
  #     columns: '2'
---
